cluster	cluster addslots
cluster	cluster count-failure-reports
cluster	cluster countkeysinslot
cluster	cluster delslots
cluster	cluster failover
cluster	cluster forget
cluster	cluster getkeysinslot
cluster	cluster info
cluster	cluster keyslot
cluster	cluster meet
cluster	cluster nodes
cluster	cluster replicate
cluster	cluster reset
cluster	cluster saveconfig
cluster	cluster set-config-epoch
cluster	cluster setslot
cluster	cluster slaves
cluster	cluster slots
cluster	readonly
cluster	readwrite
connection	auth
connection	echo
connection	ping
connection	quit
connection	select
generic	del
generic	dump
generic	exists
generic	expire
generic	expireat
generic	keys
generic	migrate
generic	move
generic	object
generic	persist
generic	pexpire
generic	pexpireat
generic	pttl
generic	randomkey
generic	rename
generic	renamenx
generic	restore
generic	scan
generic	sort
generic	ttl
generic	type
generic	wait
geo	geoadd
geo	geodist
geo	geohash
geo	geopos
geo	georadius
geo	georadiusbymember
hash	hdel
hash	hexists
hash	hget
hash	hgetall
hash	hincrby
hash	hincrbyfloat
hash	hkeys
hash	hlen
hash	hmget
hash	hmset
hash	hscan
hash	hset
hash	hsetnx
hash	hstrlen
hash	hvals
hyperloglog	pfadd
hyperloglog	pfcount
hyperloglog	pfmerge
list	blpop
list	brpop
list	brpoplpush
list	lindex
list	linsert
list	llen
list	lpop
list	lpush
list	lpushx
list	lrange
list	lrem
list	lset
list	ltrim
list	rpop
list	rpoplpush
list	rpush
list	rpushx
pubsub	psubscribe
pubsub	publish
pubsub	pubsub
pubsub	punsubscribe
pubsub	subscribe
pubsub	unsubscribe
scripting	eval
scripting	evalsha
scripting	script debug
scripting	script exists
scripting	script flush
scripting	script kill
scripting	script load
server	bgrewriteaof
server	bgsave
server	client getname
server	client kill
server	client list
server	client pause
server	client reply
server	client setname
server	command
server	command count
server	command getkeys
server	command info
server	config get
server	config resetstat
server	config rewrite
server	config set
server	dbsize
server	debug object
server	debug segfault
server	flushall
server	flushdb
server	info
server	lastsave
server	monitor
server	role
server	save
server	shutdown
server	slaveof
server	slowlog
server	sync
server	time
set	sadd
set	scard
set	sdiff
set	sdiffstore
set	sinter
set	sinterstore
set	sismember
set	smembers
set	smove
set	spop
set	srandmember
set	srem
set	sscan
set	sunion
set	sunionstore
sorted_set	zadd
sorted_set	zcard
sorted_set	zcount
sorted_set	zincrby
sorted_set	zinterstore
sorted_set	zlexcount
sorted_set	zrange
sorted_set	zrangebylex
sorted_set	zrangebyscore
sorted_set	zrank
sorted_set	zrem
sorted_set	zremrangebylex
sorted_set	zremrangebyrank
sorted_set	zremrangebyscore
sorted_set	zrevrange
sorted_set	zrevrangebylex
sorted_set	zrevrangebyscore
sorted_set	zrevrank
sorted_set	zscan
sorted_set	zscore
sorted_set	zunionstore
string	append
string	bitcount
string	bitfield
string	bitop
string	bitpos
string	decr
string	decrby
string	get
string	getbit
string	getrange
string	getset
string	incr
string	incrby
string	incrbyfloat
string	mget
string	mset
string	msetnx
string	psetex
string	set
string	setbit
string	setex
string	setnx
string	setrange
string	strlen
transactions	discard
transactions	exec
transactions	multi
transactions	unwatch
transactions	watch
